11.01.2012

Exception Handling:
	
	1. Evolution of Exception Handling:
		Developers found it difficult to find the exact exception using win32 & com exception reporting.  It looks very hard to find the correct exception using 
an Integer value.  In order to make the developers understanding the exact exception, the new Exception Handling Mechanism evolves.

	2. Exception Handling Mechanism:
		It is working through try, catch, finally blocks.  Once the exception occurs, CLR will throw the exception to the caller.  Then its caller's responsibility
to handle the exception. If CLR do not find any handler, it will halt the program execution.

	3. SEH
		Exception Class: .Net have seperate classes for Exceptions. System.Exception is the base for exception.  All other exception classes are Exception derived.
    		Throwable Member: It is responsible for throw the exception when occurs.

	4. Try, Catch, Finally Blocks
		Try - It contains the code which may create exception.
		Catch - This block will contain the code to handle the exception.
		Finally - Code in this block will execute whether execption occured or not.

	5. CLS - compliant, Non CLS - Compliant
		CLR allow to throw any object.  CLS - Compliant will allow to throw only instance of Exception-derived class.  		
		Non CLS - Compliant will allow to throw anything like int, String,etc.   

	6. RuntimeWrappedException
		This is a class which is used to convert Non CLS-Compliant exceptions as CLS-Compliant Exceptions.

	7. Throwing an Exception
		We must decide 2 things before throw an exception.
		1. What Exception-derived type must thrown.
		2. What message must be send.

	8. Defining our own Exception Class
		1. We can create our own exception by inherting System.Exception or any Exception derived class.
		2. Since System.Exception has Four constructors (3- public, 1 - protected), we also must implement at least 3 constructors in our Exception class. 
		3. Protected Constructor is not needed in case of sealed Exception class.
		4. Exception class be serializable in order to store in log or db.